README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Course

Machine Learning Course, Bogotá, Colombia  (&copy; Josh Bloom; June 2019)

Stable Binder:
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/profjsb/ml_course/c209b1b23062f680520b29060f605a52b0d5f087)

Bleeding edge (might take a long time to build an image):
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/profjsb/ml_course/master)


## Format 

4 days of lectures, approximately one per morning and one per afternoon. Intermittent breakout work by participants.

## Lecture Outline 

### Introductions & Course Goals

* (Lecture 1) Computational and Inferential Thinking
   * Logistics
   * Data Science, Machine learning, and statistics introduction
   * Exploration: visualization & data preparation
   * Featurization,  Dirty Data, and Natural Language Processing

### Statistical Learning and Prediction

* (Lecture 2) Bayesian Inference
   * Introduction
   * MCMC, hierarchical Bayes
   * Gaussian Processes
    	
* (Lecture 3) Supervised Learning
   * Regression: logistic regression, kNN, error estimation 
   * Classification: Random Forest & LightGBM

### Neutral Networks
* (Lecture 4) Neural Networks
   * Introductory algorithms and frameworks
   * Fully connected networks for regression and classification
  
* (Lecture 5) Deep Convolutional Neural Networks
   * imaging classification
   * sequence inferencing/classification
   * transfer learning & hyperparameter optimization
   
* (Lecture 6) Generative and Compressive Modeling
   * auto-encoders
   * GANs
   * surrogate emulation
   * Semi-supervised

### Self-supervised Learning & Novelty Detection (Lecture 7)
   * Clustering approaches
   * Dimensionality reduction
   * Anomaly/Novelty detections with random forests
   * Outlier detection for Timeseries

### ML In the Real World

(Lecture 8) 

* Business considerations
* Deployability, Scaling, and Maintainability
* Bias, Reproducibility, GDPR, and Ethics in ML
* What we didn't cover: Reinforcement Learning, etc.

## Major Frameworks:
  * Python 3.6 (or 3.7)
  * numpy, scipy, seaborn
  * sklearn
  * keras/tensorflow
  * spacy
  * pymc3

Commit message:

added nbviewer option to README

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Course

Machine Learning Course, Bogotá, Colombia  (&copy; Josh Bloom; June 2019)

## Following along

To *execute* the notebooks with all the dependencies installed, we'll use MyBinder. Here's the stable Binder link:
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/profjsb/ml_course/c209b1b23062f680520b29060f605a52b0d5f087)

Bleeding edge (might take a long time to build an image):
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/profjsb/ml_course/master)

If those don't work you can follow along using the static notebooks (ie., no kernel environment) at [nbviewer site](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/profjsb/ml_course/tree/master/Lectures/).

## Format 

4 days of lectures, approximately one per morning and one per afternoon. Intermittent breakout work by participants.

## Lecture Outline 

### Introductions & Course Goals

* (Lecture 1) Computational and Inferential Thinking
   * Logistics
   * Data Science, Machine learning, and statistics introduction
   * Exploration: visualization & data preparation
   * Featurization,  Dirty Data, and Natural Language Processing

### Statistical Learning and Prediction

* (Lecture 2) Bayesian Inference
   * Introduction
   * MCMC, hierarchical Bayes
   * Gaussian Processes
    	
* (Lecture 3) Supervised Learning
   * Regression: logistic regression, kNN, error estimation 
   * Classification: Random Forest & LightGBM

### Neutral Networks
* (Lecture 4) Neural Networks
   * Introductory algorithms and frameworks
   * Fully connected networks for regression and classification
  
* (Lecture 5) Deep Convolutional Neural Networks
   * imaging classification
   * sequence inferencing/classification
   * transfer learning & hyperparameter optimization
   
* (Lecture 6) Generative and Compressive Modeling
   * auto-encoders
   * GANs
   * surrogate emulation
   * Semi-supervised

### Self-supervised Learning & Novelty Detection (Lecture 7)
   * Clustering approaches
   * Dimensionality reduction
   * Anomaly/Novelty detections with random forests
   * Outlier detection for Timeseries

### ML In the Real World

(Lecture 8) 

* Business considerations
* Deployability, Scaling, and Maintainability
* Bias, Reproducibility, GDPR, and Ethics in ML
* What we didn't cover: Reinforcement Learning, etc.

## Major Frameworks:
  * Python 3.6 (or 3.7)
  * numpy, scipy, seaborn
  * sklearn
  * keras/tensorflow
  * spacy
  * pymc3
